# SDSCKS Sahne Dünya Virtual CPU Instruction Set)
SDSCKS is a Virtual CPU instruction set developed by Sahne Dünya! Sahne Dünya is generally popular with the RISC-V ecosystem, the reason for this is not that RISC-V is open source but that it is very flexible and permissive! But this means that it will not create its own CPU architecture! The answer to this is unfortunately not SDSCKS because this is not a real CPU, it is a virtual CPU, it cannot be directly adapted to real processors! However, the Real CPU architecture can use this infrastructure! So for what purpose exactly was it created, those who know the concept of Virtual Machine will understand! Virtual Machine is normally a software that imitates a machine, Virtual CPU should be software that imitates a processor! The purpose of creating the SDSCKS architecture is to develop the Virtual Machine World, although the SDSCSKS architecture is not the first Virtual CPU architecture, it works very differently from other Virtual CPUs. This Virtual CPU does not work with bytecode! So how does it work? Virtual CPUs that usually work with bytecode are not tied to a specific platform, but this instruction set has its own platform, special compilers and linkers have been created for this platform, more interestingly, these tools are C# and Java etc. Instead of addressing languages, it addresses languages ​​such as C, Assembly, etc.! In addition, codes compiled for this architecture can only be run on virtual machines that support this instruction set, they cannot be run without them! The main purpose of this CPU instruction set is to expand the Virtual Machine World, in such a way that Virtual Machines want to add virtual CPU architecture to the options instead of being limited to real CPU architecture as an option. Not only that, it also makes it possible to develop software that can only be run on virtual machines with its own special compilers and linkers!
